Do you feel any of the authentication method types are specifically stronger or weaker than the others?
I think biometric authentication is very strong as an authentication method, especially in today's time where everyone uses phones and most people use these things instead of a password because they're much faster and more accomoding than typing a whole phrase or whatever. I believe that 2FA is a lot less useful than the rest of most authentication methods because it's more of a hassle than actually useful in my opinion, but that might be just me.

Do you use MFA/2FA already? Do you plan on using it in the future?
Yes, my phone has a fingerprint scanner instead of a password and I use 2FA on some platforms. If more biometrics are developed, I plan to use them in the future.

What are your thoughts on the use of biometrics?
I think it's very handy and favor this over inputting a password to get into my phone and other such things. Plus it could possibly be safer? that may be debatable however, although based on my personal experience with the homebutton on my iphone I haven't had any issues with biometrics so I honestly favor them, since sometimes when I want to open my phone and change the song I'm playing but don't have both hands free, it would be a hassle to have to input my long password, but instead I can touch my phone's button and instantly log in. I find it very handy

Should we keep or get rid of Biometrics? Should there be limitations on them? 
I think we should keep Biometrics unless something more useful or efficient arises. I don't think there's any downside to biometrics, at least those such as fingerprints and face scans, but making them mandatory should be a limit to them that should be into place. I also believe that things like chips in the skin or something like that which you put in your body is too far. I just find the idea strange and whenever I think of it it makes my skin crawl a bit, but who knows, this might be the future of technology. A possible dowwnside to Biometrics is that sometimes the device may not recognize you in the wrong lighting or let's say even facial hair, but if these issues are resolved then I can't really think of any downsides to biometrics besides the complexity of designing them in the first place, and if they're expensive then well that might be a factor too.


IA Analysis
1. I feel like this is the best one but I didn't really see much of the product, but I'm not sure. It seems to match all the requirements for this mark: 6
The client is clearly stated with a reference to evidence of consultation in the appendix, and the scenario is clear. The rationale is fully explained – both for product and for software. Most criteria for success are specific and testable.


2. This was the last IA I reviewed, so I'm assuming this would go with it, but I feel as though I made a mistake reviewing all the IA's, but who knows. I thought it fit in, but I might just be tripping. 4
The client is clearly stated with implicit evidence of consultation and the scenario is described. The rationale is only partially explained – a better case should have been made both for product and for software. The criteria for success are specific and testable. To achieve a 6, a consultation should have been added to the appendix, and discussed and referred to explicitly in this section.


3. I think this example got a 5, just since it felt like it did everything this said to my knowledge: 5
Marks Awarded: 5
The client is clearly stated with implicit evidence of consultation and the scenario is clearly described. The rationale is explained – both for product and for software. The criteria for success are specific and testable. This criterion is a borderline 4/5. To achieve a 6, the consultation in the appendix should have been discussed and referred to explicitly.

4. Honestly I thought the person who worked on this IA worked hard on their product, but less so in the planning and consultation: 4
The client is clearly stated but there is no explicit evidence of consultation. The rationale is explained for the software, but less clearly for the product. The criteria for success are detailed and testable. This criterion could have been improved with explicit evidence of client consultation in an appendix and a consideration of different options for implementing a solution, eg. MS Excel versus purpose designed software.


5. I think this example got a 3 since it felt very minimal and bare-boned: 3
The client is stated without evidence of consultation and the scenario is only outlined. Some rationale is given for the software but none for the product. A few criteria for success are given. This is a borderline 2/3. This criterion could have been improved with more detail, explicit evidence of client consultation and some more specific criteria for success.
